release: v1.9.8 - update contributors (#17)
fluent/fluent-bit-website-hugo: content/announcements/v1.9/v1.9.8.md

title: 'v1.9.8'

> description: 'We provides the means for the collection, organization and computerized retrieval of knowledgeand Lightweight Data Forwarder for Linux, BSD, macOS and Windows.'

Reviewer: Same typos:
```suggestion
description: 'We provide the means for the collection, organization and computerized retrieval of knowledge and Lightweight Data Forwarder for Linux, BSD, macOS and Windows.'
```suggestion
